2022.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 8)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2022.1.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2022.1.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2022.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 7)
 * New Feature: Added K2K stream support  and removed deprecated qdma host to kernel/ kernel to host streaming calls
 * Other: Deprecated "Block_Design" kernel type , removed kernel_type selection option from GUI
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2021.2.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2021.2.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2021.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 6)
 * New Feature: Added support for multiple clocks (increased to 6 clocks)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2021.1.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2021.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Remove AXI Lite Control interface with ap_ctrl_none and 0 scalar variables
 * New Feature: Allow scalar variables always independent of kernel control type
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.3:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.2.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2020.2.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2020.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * New Feature: Expanded Max number of Memory Interfaces NUM_M_AXI for only RTL kernel_type (for BD type 16 no change) to the number of compute units in the platform else to max 64.
 * New Feature: Maximum number of total scalar and global memory arguments are limited to 340
 * New Feature: Update Kernel packager tcl to meet DRC checks on axis interface parameters
 * New Feature: Add -xrt flag to kernel packager integrity check
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2020.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.2:
 * Version 1.0
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 1.0
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 1.0
 * Bug Fix: Update XGUI register map offsets to be accurate.
 * New Feature: Renamed Wizard source files
 * New Feature: Add hwControlProtocol to kernel.xml.
 * New Feature: Add integrity check to kernel packager tcl.

(c) Copyright 2019 - 2022 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
